cuSpatial 23.08 README updates (#1232)
rapidsai/cuspatial: README.md

> cuSpatial depends on [cuDF](https://github.com/rapidsai/cudf) and [RMM](https://github.com/rapidsai/rmm) from [RAPIDS](https://rapids.ai/).

## cuProj - a cuSpatial subproject

> cuProj is a new RAPIDS library housed within the cuSpatial repo that provides GPU-accelerated coordinate reference system (CRS) transformations. cuProj is available as of release 23.08 supporting UTM <-> WGS84 transformations :globe_with_meridians:.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cuProj is a new RAPIDS library housed within the cuSpatial repo that provides GPU-accelerated transformations of coordinates between coordinate reference systems (CRS). cuProj is available as of release 23.08 with support for transformations of WGS84 coordinates to and from Universal Transverse Mercator (UTM) :globe_with_meridians:.
```

> To learn more about cuProj, see the [c++ libcuproj README](cpp/cuproj/README.md) or the [Python cuProj README](python/cuproj/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about cuProj, see the [Python cuProj README](python/cuproj/README.md) or the [c++ libcuproj README](cpp/cuproj/README.md).
```

To build and install cuSpatial from source please see the [build documentation](https://docs.rapids.ai/api/cuspatial/stable/developer_guide/build.html).

## Citing cuSpatial

> If you find cuSpatial useful in your work, please consider citing the following paper:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you find cuSpatial useful in your published work, please consider citing the repository.
```
